Closes #2677 update the broken link to contribution model in faq page (#2681)
pharmaverse/admiral: vignettes/faq.Rmd

 * Our [programming strategy](https://pharmaverse.github.io/admiraldev/articles/programming_strategy.html) serves as a framework
 for users how to create their own functions. 

>  * Please see the [contribution model website](https://pharmaverse.github.io/admiral/CONTRIBUTING.html) for a detailed description how to contribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Please see the [contribution model](https://pharmaverse.github.io/admiral/CONTRIBUTING.html) for a detailed description on how to contribute to the project
```
